Provide documentation about prerequisites (#1075)
kyma-project/test-infra: stability-checker/README.md

To ensure the cluster's stability, install the Stability Checker in the cluster. 
It runs a testing script in a loop and sends notifications with the test executions summary on a Slack channel.

## Prerequisites

> To set up the project, use these tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the project, download these tools:
```

> * Version 1.11.4 of [Go](https://golang.org/dl/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Go](https://golang.org/dl/) 1.11.4
```

> * Version v0.5.0 of [Dep](https://github.com/golang/dep)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Dep](https://github.com/golang/dep) v0.5.0
```

> * The latest version of [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
```

> These versions are compliant with the `buildpack` used on Prow. For more information read [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/master/prow/images/buildpack-golang/README.md) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These Go and Dep versions are compliant with the `buildpack` used by Prow. For more details read [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/master/prow/images/buildpack-golang/README.md) document.
```
